# Proactive6GNetworkOptimization
Work done as part of 8th semester project in ECE Department at Manipal for proactive 6G network optimization using ML.
The recent upsurge of diversified mobile applications, especially those supported by Artificial Intelligence (AI), is spurring heated discussions on the future evolution of wireless communications. While 5G is being deployed around the world, efforts from industry and academia have started to look beyond 5G and conceptualize 6G. We envision 6G to undergo an unprecedented transformation that will make it substantially different from the previous generations of wireless cellular systems. 6G will go beyond mobile Internet and will be required to support ubiquitous AI services from the core to the end devices of the network.  Meanwhile, AI will play a critical role in designing and optimizing 6G architectures, protocols, and operations. 

In contrast to previous generations, 6G will be transformative and will revolutionize the wireless evolution from “connected things” to “connected intelligence”. The design of the 6G architecture shall follow an “AI native” approach where intelligentization will allow the network to be smart, agile, and able to learn and adapt itself according to the changing network dynamics. AI will act as an indispensable tool to facilitate intelligent learning, reasoning, and decision making in 6G wireless networks. 

Since the domain and the scope of 6G is extremely vast and there are numerous research papers dealing with individual problems, the work currently undertaken deals with two specific challenges, namely, recommendation aware content caching, and geolocation clustering for efficient usage of mobile base stations.
